♪The waves of sword dance send out ripples♪
♪I weather the raging storm to chase after the victorious banner♪
♪The snow is not concerned with joy or sadness♪
♪The horse rein I have been holding falls apart in the desert♪
♪My greenness is not an excuse to be bullied♪
♪Spreading the wings and soaring, inviting recklessness at any moment♪
♪I do not fear the life of hardship♪
♪For I shall solve all riddles destined for me♪
♪Great difficulties can summon the sea of courage♪
♪It's worth defending heroic spirits in the martial arts world♪
♪One smile is all it takes, I travel faraway with my spirited ballads♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
[The Blood of Youth: Quest of Heroic Hearts]
[Episode 24]
Sect Leader, it's the hour of Shen.
Do it.
Wait!
The Skysplitter is here!
Lei Lingze.
You're an idiot.
Leave.
Leave!
Lei Lingze!
It's too late.
I'm already here.
I must say,
the white hair
looks good on you.
Hand over the Skysplitter
and I'll free him.
You can't unsheathe it anyway.
The Skysplitter is here.
Let go of Weigui.
How do I know if the sword
is real
or fake?
- That's right. - Exactly.
I don't care if it's real or fake.
Just snatch it from him.
Let go of Weigui,
and you can have the Skysplitter.
You can't give her the Skysplitter.
Are you all right?
Sect Leader,
your true face has finally returned.
I've planned for so long.
Now, my time has come.
When the Skysplitter appears,
the world will be upended.
And now,
I am the owner of the Skysplitter.
Greetings, Your Majesty.
- Greetings, Your Majesty! - Greetings, Your Majesty!
Why aren't you two kneeling?
Ye Zhixin,
someone like you
is not worthy of being a ruler.
Back then,
it was I who killed your family.
Regretfully,
I didn't kill you.
So today,
I will get rid of you.
Let me handle him.
Left Emissary!
Sect Leader,
you must live.
Ye Zhixin.
You should give up now.
Let go of your obsession.
Must you go against me?
Our paths are not the same.
We are destined to be enemies.
Do you not fear death?
Since I was little, I have been sick.
No one could save me.
No one wanted to save me.
I could only practice the demonic arts,
turning myself into neither man nor woman.
I just wanted to live.
What about the people you killed?
Didn't they want to live too?
Your hands
have taken too many lives.
You must
pay for it.
When it comes to numbers,
Xiaohua killed far more people than I did.
You...
How dare you mention Xiaohua's name?
You're the reason why
she killed so many people unwillingly.
she died in despair.
I didn't mean to kill her.
And she didn't have to die either.
I set up the poison
in the peach blossom forest for you two.
She was just unlucky enough
to contract the poison for you.
Don't you think you bear some responsibility as well?
Yet, you want me to stop?
Ye Zhixin,
do you know why
my father refused to tell you where Xiao Se was?
While Xiao Se could cure you,
it
would exhaust all your life.
You could only live for three days.
He told me
to let you cling to that hope.
It'll be painful, but at least,
you'll continue living.
Is this the option you give me?
Fine.
If I can't live,
then none of you get to live.
I thought
we would all die here.
Did we
save the world?
I
guess so.
Is this
the purpose of the Skysplitter?
Perhaps.
I was too late.
You might resent the unfairness in your life.
But it is you
who brought this upon yourself.
May you make the right decision in the rest of your journey.
[Huajian Restaurant]
The Sect Leader of Tianwaitian
has been missing ever since.
The two young heroes
also disappeared from the world.
No one
knows
what happened to them.
However,
rumor has it
that the previous sect leader of Tianwaitian
planned to take over the sect.
The tales of the martial arts world
are far
from over.
They call him the best storyteller in Pingchuan Town?
His story
is not even half as amazing as Xiaohua's novel.
He does not do
the reputation of this restaurant justice.
If Hua Xiaohua were alive,
she would've painted a better story.
♪Heavy snow falls outside, who is aware of the moon's burning clouds?♪
Lei Lingze,
does your sword have a name?
No.
When my master gave it to me,
he called it a sword.
My sword doesn't have a name either.
Perhaps
we should name each other's sword?
Sure.
Your sword should be
Unrivalled.
Because your swordsmanship is unrivalled.
And you
are also unrivalled.
Then your sword
should be The World.
Don't you want to be the strongest swordsman in the world?
The best of the world.
What do you think?
The World?
It's a good name.
My sword is The World.
Your sword is Unrivalled.
Together, we are
the unrivalled duo of the world.
Gentlemen,
can I have a moment?
♪Travel the world♪
♪With a carefree heroic spirit, it's never lonely with a confidant♪
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet again♪
♪No one will be able to understand me♪
♪None will go as I wish♪
♪How I long for that one moment to last forever♪
♪All mortal obsessions turn into dusts of nothingness♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪